# Version 0.2.0

This release marks a significant step forward in overall user-friendliness,
system compatibility, and test-driven development.

## User-Friendliness

* `numpy` and `matplotlib` are no longer enforced requirements, making
  installation of `gratelpy` much easier for those that do not yet have
  these third-party packages.
* We now include testing (`gratelpy_test`) and 
  timing (`gratelpy_time`) scripts that give users the opportunity
  to check correct installation of `gratelpy` and check running times.
* `gratelpy_fragment_server` produces more meaningful and informative output.
* `gratelpy` now exports method `analyze` that fully carries out analysis of a
  provided mechanism. This method offers parallel analysis.

## System Compatibility

* As already mentioned, `numpy` and `matplotlib` are no longer required.
* The install process now allows both `setuptools` and `distutils` and
  produces meaningful instructions if `setuptools` is not available.
* Installation of `gratelpy` scripts under Windows works properly now and
  is taken care of with `.bat` files.
* We modified syntax to make `gratelpy` compatible with Python 2.6.
  Unfortunately, we are unable to go below 2.6 as NetworkX requires at least
  2.6.

## Test-Driven Development

* We added a unit test submodule `gratelpy.tests` that is hooked into
  `setup.py` as test module.
* Our unit tests are hooked into
  [Travis-CI](https://travis-ci.org/gratelpy/gratelpy) where commits
  are tested against all supported versions of Python and NetworkX.
* Testing on Travis-CI is done on both Linux and Mac OSX and the current
  build status for these two OS's is reported on our github page.

## Extra Notes

* Due to the singular value decomposition code we now make use of instead of
  the previously used numpy implementation (`gratelpy.linalg.svd`) we had to
  relicense `gratelpy` under the GPLv3.
  This is reflected in output generated by all binary scripts.
